I'm late.
Mr. Chen, you've returned.
Where are the others?
They've all gone to the funeral.
Give me an umbrella.
Master. Master!
- Master! Master!
- Chen Zhen!
Master's beyond hearing.
Master.
Chen Zhen! Chen Zhen!
Master...
What's the matter with you?
- Take him back for a rest.
- Yes, sir.
Starring
HAN YING-CHIEH, HUANG CHUNG-HSIN
WEI PING-AO, TIEN FENG
CHIN SHAN, TONY LIU, FENG YI
LEE QUIN, LO WEI
CHEN FU CHING, LEE YING-CHI
JUN KATSUMURA, RIKI HASHIMOTO
LAW MEI, JUN GAR
Scenery by CHIN HSIN
Makeup by CHAN KOK-HONG
Lighting by CHENG HUI-JAN
Costumes by CHU SHENG-SHI
Have some porridge.
You haven't eaten for two days.
Master is dead. I know you're in pain.
But it hurts me to see you like this.
Please, eat something.
He still refuses to eat?
Elder brother, talk to him.
Why won't you eat? It's for your health.
We are all saddened by Master's death,
but the dead cannot be restored to life.
You must see that.
Can stomach pains kill a man?
He had stomach pains
and then caught cold.
Can a cold kill a man?
Answer me!
How exactly did he die?
That's what the doctor said.
He died from a stomach flu.
I don't believe it.
He was in perfect health.
How could he die?
Something must have happened!
Brother.
Calm yourself.
We've all been thinking the same thing,
but in Master's name, we mustn't be rash.
We're investigating secretly.
I must find out the truth.
Of course you will,
but this is our duty too.
Tomorrow's the seventh day after
Master's death. Many guests will arrive.
You must cheer yourself.
You're in need of rest.
Huo Yuanjia was our great master.
His many chivalrous acts in life
are known to all.
I knew him for 30 years.
I revere him for the spirit in which
he founded the Jing Wu School.
After this hard work,
he traveled all over the country,
expending all his resources,
all his energy.
He even sacrificed his life.
I remember what he often said
about his goal in founding
the Jing Wu School.
People should learn martial arts
for fitness of mind and body.
Not for conflict and fighting.
He was against conflict between schools.
He hoped all of us would be of one heart,
for us to be strong and love the country.
We must remember
the words of our Master Huo.
Always remember his teachings
and pursue the martial arts accordingly
so that every Chinese person
will stand strong, be fit in body,
serve the community,
win honor for the country,
and seek the happiness
of future generations.
Now, the Jing Wu School
has achieved much.
Unfortunately, he has left us.
He contributed so much to martial arts,
all of his noble accomplishments.
We are all saddened at his death.
Let us pay our respects to Master Huo.
We will now have three minutes' silence.
Please sign in.
I see we've arrived just in time.
- You're —
- I'm Mr. Wu,
the interpreter for Director Suzuki
at Hong Kou School.
The director is busy,
but I've brought something for you.
Yes, sir.
What is the motive of your visit?
Director Suzuki asked me
to send you something.
"The sick man of East Asia."
- What's the meaning of this?
- What's its meaning?
It's very simple.
We know you're all gathered here.
This title is a gift to you
from our director.
Aren't you Chinese?
Yes, but I'm different from you.
Don't be upset.
I wouldn't be here if I were scared.
I know all of you here
practice martial arts.
And I've come precisely to challenge you.
Well, who'll step up?
Jia-qi.
Step back!
My Japanese friends here
are eager for a challenge.
Who will satisfy them?
You have trained hard,
but now you dare not speak out.
What's become of your courage?
Don't fight!
Now, sir...
It's Mr. Wu.
You may call me Interpreter Wu.
Mr. Wu,
our master's teaching
was to train for physical fitness,
not for fighting with others.
The Jing Wu School
does not intend to fight with you.
Is that so?
Then you concede defeat.
If anyone can defeat me,
I'll eat those words.
My Japanese friends say
that if anyone can defeat them,
they'll eat the words
"Sick man of East Asia."
Well, anyone dare to try?
If the Jing Wu School won't fight,
how about the other schools?
Well...
it seems you were eager to try.
Don't fool yourself, boy.
You're all useless sick men of Asia.
Chen Zhen.
Stay calm.
Why won't you speak up?
Fight back, if you've got the nerve.
Listen, you can attack us all together.
If you wish to challenge us,
we await your message.
Let's go.
This is too much, too much!
He's provoking us.
Why won't you let us fight?
I wanted to fight too.
But Master taught us
not to seek out conflict.
KITO-RYU JUJUTSU
Who are you looking for?
Suzuki, your director.
He's not here. What do you want?
I have something to return to him.
SICK MAN OF EAST ASIA
Very good. You're no coward.
I'm the worst student
of the Jing Wu School.
I'd like a taste
of your Japanese martial arts.
You must be tired of living!
You'll learn your lesson today.
Very well. One on one?
Or all of you together?
One will be enough.
I'll take him!
Surround him!
Hold it!
We Chinese aren't the sick men.
Eat it.
You'll eat the paper this time.
Next time, I'll make you eat the glass.
What are you doing? Are you crazy?
Where are you from?
We're here.
The scoundrel!
The Jing Wu School
would dare to come here!
What's his name?
Director, I know him.
He's Chen Zhen, Huo's favorite student.
Let me ask you.
Do you think that we Budoka
of Imperial Japan can be bullied?
We Budoka of Imperial Japan
cannot be bullied.
Very true.
The Budoka are the world's best.
You've said it yourself.
What are you going to do about it?
We will take revenge!
Right, revenge! Revenge.
Revenge it must be.
Very well.
Destroy the Jing Wu School at once!
And don't come back if you fail.
- Understood?
- Yes!
Go.
What do you want?
- To go in and take a look.
- No, you can't go in.
What about that dog?
It belongs to a foreigner.
Peasant, come here!
You still want to go play in there?
Just lie down
and act like a Japanese dog
and I'll take you in to play.
Hurry, the police are coming!
What do you want?
You attacked without warning.
What's the matter?
Why all the rough treatment?
Tear it all apart!
Don't fight! Stop fighting!
Don't insult our master!
Stop!
Right, that's enough.
Let's go. Get back.
Let this serve as a little warning.
Surrender Chen Zhen in three days.
Otherwise, we'll have you shut down
and you'll all be arrested.
- Let's go.
Brother. Brother!
Come and help!
Master, if you were alive...
we wouldn't be bullied like this.
He wants us to surrender Chen Zhen.
His impulsiveness
has gotten us into trouble.
Don't blame him.
Let's ask him after he's back.
He's back.
- He's back.
- Elder brother.
You've gotten us into trouble.
Where have you been all day?
Did you go to Hong Kou School?
You thought you would be a hero,
but look what's happened to us.
Why didn't you tell us?
Answer me this.
The mission of our school is to encourage
strength and love of country, correct?
Is it to fight and make trouble?
Then why didn't you tell us?
Many Japanese came just now.
That's how they beat us.
They demanded we surrender you
in three days. What shall we do?
Let him resolve his troubles by himself.
How can you say that?
Then what should we do,
wait to be shut down?
Not only that, we'll all be arrested.
Master, think it over.
We must not turn him in,
and we must protect ourselves as well.
No, we can't turn him in.
If we turn him in, he'll be killed.
There's only one way.
He must leave Shanghai.
Right, you must leave Shanghai.
- I'm not going.
- Why not?
I don't want to leave you to face trouble.
We all understand you mean well,
but you must think of yourself too.
Please go.
I'm not leaving.
It's better you go.
As long as they can't find you,
even though pressured by the Japanese,
they will not take action without proof.
I take back what I said in anger.
We're all brothers. I can't let you die.
You don't want to leave now
because you want to be a hero.
None of us are afraid of trouble.
Why don't you listen to our advice?
Brother, leave quickly.
We won't blame you.
Yes, brother, do so.
Have you forgotten
what Master always taught?
Master founded our school for a purpose.
Now that he has passed away,
our burden is heavier.
Do not think only of yourself,
think of the school.
Why make a needless sacrifice?
As your elder, I order you to go.
Brother.
Buy him a ticket
for the first train tomorrow.
It's late. You'd better sleep.
- Is everything packed?
- Yes.
I came back this time
planning to marry you.
How did it come to this?
Marriage is not of concern now.
In the future,
we can return to Shanghai one day.
And we will live fully.
My brothers suffer because of me.
Do not think that way.
No one blames you.
You'll leave on the first train.
Get some sleep.
For this one final night,
I must stay with Master.
You get some sleep first.
Did anyone see you?
No, they're all asleep.
Got it?
Yes, Mr. Wu told us to get away.
If they find out Huo died from this,
we'll be in deep trouble.
Why does Mr. Wu want us to leave?
He said the job's done.
There's no point in staying.
What should we do now?
You said you're returning home tomorrow.
I'll resign and we'll go together.
Yes.
You're Japanese?
I came to kill Huo Yuanjia.
How could you say those words?
Why not?
I do not fear your Fist of Fury.
I know you're Huo's favorite student.
I must test your kung fu.
Steward Feng, come out here.
Steward Feng.
Come out here!
Why did you kill Master?
MASTER WAS KILLED BY POISON
IN THE BISCUITS
I WILL FIND THE KILLER
AND TAKE REVENGE
Brother! Brother!
Hurry up!
Where is elder brother?
It's awful.
I just saw two men hung up
on a lamppost.
I saw it myself, it's terrible.
They're right outside.
What is it?
I went to buy the train ticket.
I saw two men hung up on a lamppost.
They are the steward, Feng,
and the cook, Tien.
Brother, are you sure?
Yes, I am sure.
There's absolutely no mistake about it.
Let's go and have a look.
What's happening?
Feng and Tien have come to misfortune.
We're going to see.
It is Feng, the steward!
- Is it —
- Let's return and discuss this.
Come.
- Call an ambulance.
- Yes.
The two men's faces were awful.
Seems like they'd been in a fight.
Who could have done it?
Will the Jing Wu School be implicated?
I don't think so.
We don't even know who did it.
It's hard to say.
But they were part of the school.
What does that matter?
It's not as if we killed them.
We'll surely have trouble
from the foreign concessions.
The main thing is for us
to find out who did it.
Chen Zhen did it.
- Chen Zhen?
He left me a note for me
saying Master died of poisoning.
I wonder where he could have gone.
Going into hiding doesn't help.
He always does as he pleases.
Why didn't he tell us?
We must find him.
How can we find him? Shanghai is so big.
He doesn't know Shanghai well.
Organize a search.
We must find him.
We'll settle this when he returns.
HERE LIES MASTER HUO YUANJIA
Who's there?
It's me!
I knew you'd be here.
Hiding is useless.
Come back and talk with us.
I won't go back.
Nobody knows your role in this yet.
Why hide and suffer?
Let's go back and find a way.
I'm not hiding.
- And I don't want to get you involved.
- What are you going to do?
I have my plans.
It's all decided.
Then what are your plans?
Why won't you even tell me?
We grew up together.
We've always confided in one another.
Why have you changed?
I haven't changed.
Then why won't you tell me?
You must know how much I care for you.
You may not believe me,
but I love you as much as always.
I do believe you.
Then don't ask what I will do.
- Remember our dreams?
- Yes.
We hoped to continue Master's work,
to make Jing Wu School
respected all over the world...
and to raise a happy family.
Two children, a boy and a girl.
Every day, you'd teach kung fu,
and I'd do the housework.
I'd come to get you
and fetch the children from school.
Could such a dream come true?
I wish it could.
If you haven't changed, this may happen.
You mustn't think that way.
Do you really love me so much?
In addition to Master...
it's you who means most to me.
Is that true?
Will you tell me your plans now?
Why won't you speak?
If you trust me,
I'll take you away somewhere.
Where?
To a place we love.
A place where our dreams will come true.
Do you know anyone called Wu?
Wu?
He's connected to Master's death.
Wasn't that interpreter named Wu?
Could he be the one?
Master.
Something terrible has happened!
Come in.
What is it?
Look at the newspapers.
Mr. Yoshida's brother, Tien,
and Feng, the steward.
They were both killed and strung up.
I know. Sit down.
Director,
my brother became cook at Jing Wu School
to find out about the Fist of Fury.
Now he's been mysteriously killed.
You must avenge him, Director.
This had to be done
by a member of the Jing Wu School.
We'll kill them all!
I'll assemble the men.
Wait a moment.
Director, if we do that,
it'll connect us to Huo's death.
What do you mean?
I have an idea.
Then tell me.
We'll pressure the police
to take action against the school.
If they refuse to turn over Chen Zhen,
they'll shut down the school
and arrest everyone!
The Chinese are loyal to their friends.
Chen Zhen won't let that happen.
He'll turn himself in.
When we have Chen Zhen,
we can do whatever we want with him.
He'll be completely helpless.
Well, how does that sound?
You truly are a good friend to Japan.
I've always been loyal to the empire.
And I will continue to be
till the day I die.
- Very well. Act on your plan at once.
- Yes, sir!
Out of respect for your master,
we've been quite lenient with you.
But now you're causing trouble.
Why did you raid the Hong Kou School?
We don't want to cause you any trouble.
They came and beat us all up.
We didn't start anything.
But you did provoke them, didn't you?
They came here first.
They sent us this sign, and —
How did the steward and the cook die?
Don't you have any idea?
We don't know.
Is that so?
You should know
this won't be that simple.
The Japanese are influential here.
You're asking for trouble.
I've been quite lenient with you.
But I have a duty to perform.
How can I ignore that?
Where is Chen Zhen?
He hasn't returned since he caused
trouble at Hong Kou School.
You really don't know where he is?
We really don't.
We're looking for him too.
You shouldn't withhold information.
I'm not a patient man.
We really don't know.
We're looking for him too.
We don't want to be mixed up in this.
The Japanese consulate
has demanded action.
This is not a joke.
Turn him in within two days,
or I'll have to get tough.
Let's go.
The Japanese empire is truly great!
Even its dancing is superb.
Don't worry. Leave things to me.
Escaped? What happened?
Mr. Petrov is head
of the Russian Hammers.
He's a good fighter
and a friend of our director.
He's had some trouble in Russia.
That's why he's here.
Then you can rest assured.
Under our director's wings,
you're completely safe.
Mr. Petrov, here's to you.
Three cups?
Very well, three cups.
I've had a bit too much.
Please excuse me.
Wait, come back!
Sit down.
If you must go, then crawl out!
Crawl out like a dog.
Crawl?
Would you like to?
Sure. I'll do whatever you ask.
I'll crawl.
Bye!
Stand up!
Where to?
North Szechuan Road and Yokohama Road.
Stop! Where are we going?
This is a dead end.
What are you doing?
I just wanted to ask you something.
It's you!
I want to ask you something.
You needn't ask. I know nothing.
I know what you want to ask,
but it wasn't me.
I mean it was,
but someone else asked me to do it.
Director Suzuki told me
to pass the poison to Feng the steward.
Then Feng gave it to Tien, the cook.
He's Japanese.
Spare me. I'm just a dog.
Please spare my life.
Have mercy...
Why do...
Why do you push me?
Look, another man's been hung there!
Come and look!
Chen Zhen dared to come
to our school and attack us.
And now he's killed my interpreter.
He scorns the Japanese empire.
This has become a lawless place.
Are you not detectives?
What good are you?
Director, surely you overstate things.
I asked them to turn over Chen Zhen
within two days.
I know what to do if they don't.
What can you do? You're Chinese.
You Chinese protect each other.
I don't care about nationality.
The police have to be sensible.
We need to be impartial.
This is not about being sensible.
Chen Zhen is a killer.
You must bring him in.
You can say that, Director,
but this is not our procedure.
Mr. Wu was murdered,
but there's no proof.
We can't say Chen Zhen did it.
Proof or no proof,
you better bring him in!
Otherwise, I'll report this
to the consulate!
You're making this difficult for us.
If you don't bring him in,
I'll handle this myself.
I have my own ways.
Very well, I'll do my best.
They're useless.
We'd better use our own methods.
We'll report this to the consulate first.
- Be ready to arrest them.
- Yes, sir.
The paper.
The Japanese will force me
to turn Chen Zhen over to them.
How can I find him
in a big city like Shanghai?
You're right.
Forget it. Just one day at a time.
We'll go to the Jing Wu School.
Things are getting worse.
He even killed the Japanese interpreter.
He's making things difficult not only
for the Japanese, but for me too.
I work for the authorities.
What would you do in my place?
We really can't find him.
What are we to do?
Everyone knows you're a just man.
We wouldn't play tricks on you.
We really don't know where he is.
As we all know,
it's not like I don't look after you.
If you don't turn him over,
the Japanese will find him themselves.
If they shut down your school
and arrest you all,
it will go very badly for you.
Even if you arrest us now,
we still can't tell you anything
because we really don't know anything.
Very well.
At least I've made things clear.
There's one day left.
Please turn him in.
The Japanese
are in no mood for games.
If I'm forced to arrest you,
then don't blame me.
Let's go.
It's really serious. What are we to do?
Elder brother,
let's stop looking for Chen Zhen.
If we find him,
we're sending him to his death.
They won't dare hurt us.
So many are suffering because of him.
We'll go to jail if we must.
We must remain loyal to our friend.
Elder brother!
Please come upstairs.
I want to talk to you.
What is it?
If they really can't find Chen Zhen,
will it cause much trouble for our school?
Yes. The Japanese
are influential in Shanghai.
They very likely
will shut down the school.
And if they found Chen Zhen?
He'll surely be killed.
We can't let them find him.
Even though we don't know where he is,
we must find him and ask him
to leave Shanghai at once.
I...
You what?
You know where he is?
His life depends on it.
If you know, tell me.
I know where he stays at night.
Where is he now?
JAPANESE HONG KOU SCHOOL
Is your phone out of order?
I'm from the telephone company.
What took you so long?
I've sent for you so many times.
I just got my orders and came at once.
Okay, come with me.
Over there.
Don't just stand there. Hurry up!
There's another one inside.
Wait here.
The telephone repairman is here.
- Director, here's the telephone repairman.
- Let him in.
Tell him to come in.
Come here.
Director, it's the telephone repairman.
Go on.
I'm dying to find that Chen Zhen
and see just how skilled he is.
It's not only his Fist of Fury.
He moves like lightning.
We'll concentrate on the Jing Wu School.
Wait, let's discuss this later.
What do you suggest?
Just wipe out everyone
from the Jing Wu School.
What about the consequences?
We Japanese are powerful
in the concession area.
As long as we leave no evidence,
they'll have no way to know it was us.
Right. Ask someone
to do it cleanly tonight.
Yes!
Why isn't he here?
Look around.
- Chen Zhen!
Chen Zhen!
Where can he have gone?
Let's wait for him here.
Where could he be?
Where...
Wonton noodles!
I'm here to avenge my master.
Ask your director to come out!
This doesn't involve you.
Get out! Get out!
Beat it!
Hold it! Who are you?
I'm Chen Zhen.
I want the director.
Chen Zhen?
Sister...
Sister!
Brother! Brother!
What happened? Who did it?
The Japanese.
What about the others?
Did anyone escape?
All...
Brother?
Yao-chang.
He might pull through.
Help anyone who's survived.
We'll go upstairs.
See if anyone's still alive.
Brother, there are no survivors.
I'm not worthy of you, Master!
They died so horribly.
What are we going to do?
Our tolerance was a mistake.
Chen Zhen was right.
The Japanese.
I'm from the consulate.
How dare you Chinese attack the judo hall!
It's really too much!
I don't want things to get out of hand.
I'll turn the man over to you.
You're Chinese as well. I don't trust you.
I must go in!
Very well, just you.
Keep guard here. Don't let anyone go in.
Yes, sir!
What happened?
The Japanese did it.
- The Japanese?
- Watch your tongue!
You must not slander people.
What proof do you have?
These two survivors.
If I wasn't in charge of Jing Wu School,
and if not for the fate of Jing Wu School,
I'd fight you to the end!
Stop talking.
Go ahead and file a complaint.
I only want Chen Zhen, immediately.
Chen Zhen killed many people
at Hong Kou School.
The consulate has asked the police
to turn him over to them.
You'll have to turn in Chen Zhen.
What?
They've killed so many of us,
yet they go free.
And no one knows if Chen Zhen
was the killer at Hong Kou School.
Now you want us to turn him in.
Is that fair?
We're in no position to argue.
Mr. Fan, you know the situation here.
Chen Zhen must be turned in.
I really don't know where he is.
You call the shots.
Enough. Take them all away!
You really don't know where he is?
What if we can't find Chen Zhen?
I've been lenient with you.
Now I cannot help you any longer.
You're taking us all in?
Not only will you go to prison,
but the school will be shut down.
Jing Wu students will no longer exist.
Do you Japanese listen to reason?
Is there no justice?
I'm the law in the settlement.
Don't blame me for arresting you.
Blame it on Chen Zhen.
Who asked him to go into hiding?
He should turn himself in
for your sake if he's a good man.
Chen Zhen is here!
I'm not an educated man.
Don't lie to me.
If I turn myself in...
The Jing Wu School will not be involved.
Is that right?
I can give you my word of honor.
Don't forget, I'm also Chinese.
Listen here!
I will pay for the lives I took.
This has nothing to do
with the Jing Wu School!
Yes.